Building the Sources:

- Unpack ezmlm-browse into a non-web-visible directory.  This is the
  directory from which ezmlm-browse will execute.

- Make sure all the conf-* files have values appropriate for your
  system (they contain notes about what they are used for).  They are
  set to appropriate defaults for most systems using GCC.

- If your python program is not in the path, put the full path to it in
  the first line of a file called "auto-python".

- Run "make".

Recommended Installation:

- Create a new subdirectory in your web directory and change into it.

- Symlink "browse.cgi" into that directory as "index.cgi" if your site
  is using Apache suexec or equivalent.  Otherwise symlink "wrapper" in
  as "index.cgi" and make it setuid.

- Symlink the "files" directory in as-is.

- Copy in the "config.py" file and edit it as appropriate for your site
  and lists.  Set "FILESPREFIX" to "files/".

- If using Apache, make sure CGI execution is enabled in that directory
  by adding the following lines to a ".htaccess" file in the same
  directory:
	Options +ExecCGI
	AddHandler cgi-script .cgi
	DirectoryIndex index.cgi
  Other server software should be similarly configured.

Generic Installation:

- Symlink either "wrapper" or "browse.cgi" into a location where CGI
  programs may be executed.  Usually this is either something in a
  "cgi-bin" directory or a file elsewhere named "something.cgi".  The
  destination name does not need to be either "wrapper" or "browse.cgi"
  as the script will automatically determine its own name for the links
  it creates.

- Symlink the "files" directory into a web-visible directory, and make
  note of that location for the configuration below.  The visible name
  does not need to remain as "files".

Configuration:

- If necessary, make the "wrapper" program setuid to whatever user has
  read access to the mailing list archive files.  Do *NOT* make any
  Python script setuid.  This is necessary if the web server process
  does not have read access to the web archives and is not using the
  Apache suexec module or equivalent.

- Edit config.py to declare which mailing lists are visible to the web,
  and set the other defaults as appropriate (most notably, the web path
  to the "files" directory installed above should go in FILESPREFIX).

- Mailing lists should have the ezmlm-make "-i" option enabled to keep
  the necessary indices up to date.  If this is not enabled, run the
  following command for each list:

	ezmlm-make -+ -i /path/to/list
